docs: documentation of NetworkService-based protocol module (#18952)
electron/electron: docs/api/breaking-changes-ns.md

# Breaking changes (NetworkService)

This document describes changes to Electron APIs after migrating network code
to NetworkService API.

> Currently we don't have an estimate of when will we enable NetworkService by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't currently have an estimate of when we will enable `NetworkService` by
```

> default in Electron, but as Chromium is already removing non-NetworkService

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default in Electron, but as Chromium is already removing non-`NetworkService`
```

> code, the switch may come after a few major version releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code, we might switch before Electron 10.
```

☝️ I'm not sure if that's true, but it's probably best to give an estimate that's unrelated to what the _current_ version is.

Author: 10 looks good to me.

> The content of this document should be moved to `breaking-changes.md` after it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of this document should be moved to `breaking-changes.md` once we have
```

> is determined when to enable NetworkService in Electron.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
determined when to enable `NetworkService` in Electron.
```

## Planned Breaking API Changes

### `protocol.unregisterProtocol`
### `protocol.uninterceptProtocol`

The APIs are now synchronous and the optional callback is no longer needed.

```javascript
// Deprecated
protocol.unregisterProtocol(scheme, () => { /* ... */ })
// Replace with

> protocol.unregisterProtocol(scheme)

Reviewer 2: Do we want to return the error values for synchronous version when the optional callback support is removed, without that the api might look blind.

Author: Yeah there should be a way to report errors. I wonder if we should throw exceptions for errors, to match the behavior of Node.js sync APIs.

Reviewer 2: Agreed, that seems to be the pattern thats followed in existing synchronous apis

Author: I'll do it in another PR.
